{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Chris FitzGerald \
\
Research questions\
\
1. What is the difference in Dalvik and ART\
2. What is the DEX Limit?\
3. What are launch modes?\
4. What are form factors?\
5. What are Layout Qualifiers\
\
1) Dalvik complies right before execution (JIT\'97>Just In Time) whereas ART (Android RunTime) executes ahead of time. ART has replaced Dalvik as the processor for Android because it at runtime it is much quicker (since it is compiled ahead of time).\
\
2) A DEX file can store 65536 methods, and no more. If the user tries to load more methods than this, an exception is thrown. While the user may not write that many methods, with all the libraries imported, it can become an issue.\
\
3) The launch modes for android activities are: standard, singleTop, singleInstance, and singleTask. These tell the app how to handle the back stack. For example, in standard, activities are simply piled onto the back stack one after another in order until the back button is pressed, when the stack is popped. In singleTask, if an activity in the back stack is called again, everything after it is popped, and that instance of the activity is called back up (the task was completed).\
\
4) Form factor is the aspect of the hardware of the phone that can affect the design. When targeting different devices, this is important since the app will look different on a small galaxy device compared to a larger tablet.\
\
5) Layout Qualifiers are special layouts that can be implemented for an activity, depending on the circumstance. For example, with a landscape qualifier the developer can set a different layout, instead of the portrait layout when turned sideways. A qualifier can also be used to set a different language for the activity.}